docs: add noise squashing documentation (#2523)
zama-ai/tfhe-rs: tfhe/docs/fhe-computation/advanced-features/noise-squashing.md

# Noise squashing

> In the context of confidential blockchain protocols, like the [Zama protocol](https://docs.zama.ai/protocol), it is necessary for security reasons to hide the intrinsic noise of FHE operations. This can be achieved by the MPC nodes by adding large amounts of random noise before they perform the actual decryption. In order to have enough room for that large noise that needs to be added before decryption, the noise squashing operation is performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the context of confidential blockchain protocols, like the [Zama protocol](https://docs.zama.ai/protocol), the threshold decryption requires for security reasons to hide the intrinsic noise of FHE operations. This can be achieved by the MPC nodes by adding large amounts of random noise before they perform the actual decryption. In order to have enough room for that large noise that needs to be added before decryption, the noise squashing operation is performed.
```
Maybe mention that this is the threshold decryption parts that requires this because after you mention MPC nodes
